(The following content may not be suitable for viewers under 15.)
(Viewer discretion is advised.)
I'll give you one last chance.
Don't let me go.
Then it's over.
Goodbye.
Why are you so hard to get?
Let's go.
(Episode 38)
You should go in first.
The directors don't see the merit of investing.
I'm sorry. You failed the evaluation.
"I don't understand why Do Kyung left home..."
"even though there's nothing between us."
"So stop yelling at me,"
"and settle it with your son."
"I especially have no intention..."
"of joining your family ever again."
It's not that I'm afraid.
I just don't like it.
This is my decision.
My decision for my own life.
There's...
another world that I can't see.
It is...
different from my world.
I can't...
be happy in that world.
I...
just started to be happy only now.
I just started to learn what it is like...
to live at ease. Here. Now.
Do Kyung.
What's wrong?
Are you okay?
You look ill.
Where does it hurt?
No. I'm fine.
Here. I'll help you get up.
If... If you need any medicine,
it's in front of your door.
Does he not need it?
Do... Do Kyung.
Do Kyung.
- Do... - Cold... It's cold.
Gosh, it's cold.
Are you okay?
Take some medicine.
Take some medicine. Get up.
Drink some water.
Who are you?
I'm Ji An.
It's you, Ji An.
Yes.
Ji An, who never listens to me...
Come on. Lie down now.
Seo Ji An.
Seo Ji An, who never listens to me...
because she is...
too stubborn.
You won't be able to handle me.
I can't keep doing this.
I'm sorry.
I love her,
but we can't be together...
even in my dreams now.
It must've been...
quite an ordeal for you.
Do Kyung.
Goodbye.
Why are you cooking porridge?
I think my stomach is upset.
I cooked this a while ago too.
Did you see your family? Is there nothing wrong?
I did.
Did you have a fight with Mr. Choi?
He will...
go back home now.
Hey, Hyuk. Let's go.
Do Kyung is going to come back home now.
Dad stopped all investments Do Kyung got.
He stopped the investments?
It seems like he got investments for White Bio.
Did he stop the investments already?
Seo Ji An is the problem.
So far, she seems to know her place...
and is behaving accordingly,
but I can't trust her.
Do Kyung will give up and come back anyway.
He's trying to start this entirely on his own.
Can't Father give him a chance to do so?
What do you mean?
For the first time in his life,
he can achieve something without Haesung.
And there are other ways to bring him back home.
- Hi. Have some porridge. - Hello.
What? Do you know how to cook porridge?
I didn't cook this.
Was it Carpenter Yang?
Anything on the table means it's for everyone.
- Okay. - Bye.
My stomach was empty. How nice.
Yes, Secretary Yoo.
Why are you using your phone again, sir?
Your secret phone was off, so I called this number.
It just happened that way.
My part-time job?
Yes, I have to work.
Yes, Okay. I'll see you later.
Weren't you getting investments?
Why are you working on a part-time job again?
All of my investments were cut off.
Grandfather influenced every part of my project.
Already?
Do Kyung, this is serious. You must go back.
He's too fast.
I'm not sure.
Or use the money under your name.
I will never use that money.
(Application for reissue)
So you tried to get your bankbook reissued.
When he kicked me out penniless,
I wondered if he was testing me.
But he wasn't.
He was trying make me...
be his helper and become even more loyal to him.
So what?
I want to try harder after realizing his intentions.
Living a life as a piece on his chessboard?
I won't do it.
Then will you keep working part-time jobs?
I need money to get by.
I have 60 dollars left after the interpreter job.
Without investments, your project is nothing.
What do you plan to do with that?
I must figure it out again.
But I need to make a living first.
How did it go with Ji An?
Seo Ji An?
I hate her.
What?
I'll try to hate her.
You left home because of love, but...
it didn't work out, and your business plan failed.
I can't wait to find out what happens next.
Same here. I don't know what lies ahead for me.
Come up with a small business plan first.
I knew the project was too big to be your first.
Secretary Yoo.
Why are you wearing that? Aren't you going to work?
I resigned.
You resigned? Why did you do that?
I told you to stay at Haesung.
Well...
Actually, I was transferred...
to the Administration Team in the Busan branch.
The Busan branch?
- Not the main branch? - No, sir.
I already bought an apartment in Seoul.
I couldn't take my mother to Busan.
Besides, I know nothing about administration.
They were trying to separate you from me.
I'm really sorry.
So I resigned a long time ago.
I was waiting for you while working other jobs.
They found out everything. What will you do now?
I should think about it while I work.
I completely ran out of money.
Well, then...
would you want to work with me?
My goodness.
Even snowmen will freeze to death in here.
People get frostbite even in summers,
but the pay is quite generous.
When I was in college,
I used to work here while living in the dorm.
It's freezing in here, but look at me sweating.
What an irony.
Save your energy.
We have to carry the bags of crushed ice later.
Your body might melt away.
What brings you to my office, Jin Hee?
I'm not here as your sister-in-law, sir.
I'm here as the president of Hotel MJ.
Then what business do you bring?
It's about Do Kyung.
Until when do we have to wait for Do Kyung?
He's been away for too long.
He's been assigned to the Europe office...
as Chief Director.
The position shouldn't be left empty for long.
Hasn't it been only 20 days?
Then cancel the appointment.
That's within your prerogative, isn't it?
Do you have to ask the chairman?
Then please ask him, and let me know.
I rented an apartment,
and I already got it furnished.
Then you should hurry and get a ticket.
But we haven't gotten a bodyguard for her.
We can't let her go alone.
Why couldn't you find one?
Then pay double.
Paying more won't make any difference.
He would have to watch her all day and every day.
Besides, it's hard to find a Korean there.
You want a raise, don't you?
Pardon me?
Why can't you find someone...
when you pay a lot?
Isn't that why you're complaining?
Offer to pay triple, and quickly find someone.
Okay, ma'am.
Be very sweet,
and pretend to be my boyfriend.
Okay?
So...
So you're not giving this to me as my sister.
You're paying me to act as your boyfriend.
Get up. Let's practice.
Why are we doing this?
Are you...
trying to make the guy jealous?
No.
This is to protect my last bit of dignity.
I still don't get why we're doing this.
But this is a bit fun in its own way.
Hey, smile. Smile like you love me.
Have you gone mad?
Smile. Smile.
You're so funny.
- You're so funny. - Really.
See? We can smile together.
Oh, was it that funny?
Why do you have something on your face?
You're scaring me.
- I told you to smile. - I am smiling.
Hello. Are you coming back from lunch?
Yes.
This is my boyfriend.
Hello, I am Sunwoo Hyuk.
Hello, I am Seo Ji Ho.
It hurts, sis!
Is she your sister?
Why did you call me by my nickname?
Let's go.
That's her nickname.
Let's talk.
Hey,
you know where your sister works, right?
Yes. Well...
Go there, and wait.
Are... Are you talking to me?
Ji Soo.
What are you doing right now?
What do you mean?
You said you don't like me.
Then why did you make your brother pretend...
to be your boyfriend in front of me?
It's for my self-respect.
I wanted to stop liking...
a man who likes another woman.
I "like another woman"?
Your sister and Mr. Baker know about it too.
And you said it yourself.
You said that there's a woman you like.
I knew it. I knew about everything.
But you kept treating me nicely,
so I thought you might've started liking me.
But I do like you.
What?
The woman my sister and my brother-in-law...
talked about before...
was my first love.
I was so happy to see her.
I reunited with her after 10 years.
10 years ago,
she suddenly disappeared,
so she always had a place in my heart.
I accidentally ran into her after 10 years,
but she was going through a lot of things.
She helped me a lot in the past,
so I cared about her, and I ended up helping her.
And that made me mix up friendship with love.
"Mix up"?
She was going through many terrible things.
I thought I was worried about her...
because I still like her.
But it wasn't that.
I came to realize that while caring for you.
I realized that she never made my heart flutter.
At a certain point,
I started smiling when I thought about you.
And I couldn't stop thinking about you.
My heart fluttered.
Is there no bread you like?
Well...
I'm here for Ji Soo. I'm waiting for her here.
Ji Soo?
Yes.
How are you related to Ji Soo?
Well...
What should I say?
We are...
very close.
Very close? That can't be possible.
You are not a student.
You are not an office worker either.
I sense something dark.
You work at night, don't you?
Are you a psychic?
You're a womanizer, aren't you?
You jerk.
You must be the one who made Ji Soo sad.
"Womanizer"?
Watch your mouth.
- What did you say? - What are you doing?
What's your profession? What's your address?
Tell me your military serial number.
Wait.
I am Ji Soo's little brother.
- "Little brother"? - Yes.
She doesn't have a little brother this big.
Come on. Seriously.
Ask my sister then.
Today is seriously not going well.
Are you really her little brother?
Yes.
You should've told me. Wait, you did.
You look so different.
I am sorry.
Hey, you should have this. Here.
My gosh, your family has good genes.
You're all very tall.
We don't share genes.
What?
- Oh, it was nothing. - Okay.
- Thank you. - Okay then.
What?
Why did you come together?
Let me talk to him.
Seo Ji Ho.
Yes?
Why did you pretend to be her boyfriend?
Thank you.
What?
Thanks to you,
our misunderstanding has been cleared up.
My name is Sunwoo Hyuk. Just call me Hyuk.
Wait.
Why would I...
address you by your name?
I'm your sister's boyfriend. You should.
What?
Ji Soo,
what happened? Explain this to me.
Yes, you should. I need to hear it too.
Excuse me. Who is Ms. Lee Soo A?
It's me.
Right.
This is from Mr. Seo Tae Soo.
- "Seo Tae Soo"? - Yes.
Have a good day.
Who is Mr. Seo Tae Soo?
He's my father-in-law.
What could this be?
Maybe he found out that you lied about...
going to the seminar?
Did he send a surprise gift...
to make you feel better?
I don't think so.
You're lucky to have a sweet father-in-law.
Open it. I want to know what it is.
Mr. Seo,
this is from your wife.
Okay.
It's from your father,
but I am not in the position to take this.
My training schedule has been moved forward,
so I am going to Busan right now.
Let's talk later.
You made me realize that I'm a useless dad,
and I've realized it.
So...
just leave me alone now.
I hate everything now. All of you.
(Ji An)
Yes, Ji An.
Dad's phone is off again.
Is Dad okay?
I don't know. I think he got sick of me.
He wouldn't even look at me.
I need to make up with him before he leaves.
But what about him?
I am a little busy right now.
I will hang up now.
Is it Ji An?
Yes.
I see that the restaurant is doing well.
I... I am working hard.
I gave this to you to support your daughter.
Why does your daughter stay outside?
I want to be the only one...
to take the humiliation.
Then stop being humiliated.
Pardon me?
Stop working here.
Right. Okay.
You must've found a new person to run it.
Then when should I stop?
Right now.
Right now?
You begged my husband...
not to make you run this restaurant.
Do you feel bad to let it go?
That's not it.
This is the salary for this month.
You worked hard anyway.
Okay.
Make sure...
to tell Ji An about this.
(Dad)
Dad.
Oh, are you Mr. Seo's daughter?
Yes. Who are you?
I am a paramedic.
I called the first person in his call history.
He collapsed,
so he's going to the emergency room now.
My dad collapsed?
I told you that I don't need tests.
So let's talk when your family comes,
- I don't need it. - and you can leave then.
- I have to go now. - Gosh. Please.
Dad.
Are you his family?
What happened to my dad?
I just felt a little dizzy. I'm okay.
I can go now.
Sir, stop being stubborn. You should lie down.
You can't leave like this.
But I told you that I'm really fine, Doctor.
I want to get him a few tests,
but he insists that he'll go.
He even threw up blood in the ambulance.
He... He threw up blood?
He says that he had been fine until now.
He says it's because...
he hasn't eaten since last night.
That's not true.
He often vomited and had stomach pains.
He can neither eat nor sleep well.
"He often vomited and had stomach pains"?
I told you that it's not true.
You have to check his stomach, doctor.
I said I'm okay. What's wrong with you?
Since you haven't eaten since last night,
you can be tested right now.
Prepare a scan of his stomach,
and a gastroscopy.
Okay, Doctor.
Honey.
It's my fault. It's all my fault.
He decided to become a sailor...
because of me even in that condition.
How's Dad? Where is he?
He's getting tested. It's almost done.
How sick must he be to collapse on the streets?
He collapsed in front of our house.
Our neighbor called 911.
But...
he had his luggage. Even his guitar.
"Luggage"?
Was he going to join the crew already?
He even threw up blood in the ambulance.
I don't understand. Didn't he say...
that he only had a stomach ulcer?
Yes.
But why are his symptoms just like...
what Grandmother and Seok Doo have shown?
Is it possible...
that he was hiding something from us?
He can't do that. I hope not.
He must've been so desperate to leave home.
Anyway, he doesn't have an insurance, does he?
He doesn't.
We cancelled everything when we went bankrupt.
He only left one for me.
Perhaps...
he hid it from us because of the medical fee?
He told me the other day...
that he won't burden us with his medical fees.
What if...
he really has cancer?
Don't say that.
It can't be true. It's impossible.
Is Mr. Seo's family here?
His tests are finished.
[VIU Ver] E38 My Golden Life "I'm Ready To Go"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Wait. What?
What are you doing, Dad?
I am going home.
The doctor said you have to stay here...
until the results come out.
You've become weak, so you need to stay here.
I said I'm okay.
Dad, what's wrong with you?
Let's talk at home.
Please, Honey.
I will fix the bed for you.
I will take some rest.
You should all go now.
How can we go when you're unwell?
Where were you going with your luggage?
The training has been moved forward,
so I was leaving early.
I wrote it here.
You're undernourished.
You can't go deep-sea fishing like that.
You even collapsed in the street.
I heard you even threw up blood.
You're not going deep-sea fishing.
I called them.
Who? Who did you call?
How did you know who to call?
I checked all the deep-sea fishing vessels in Busan.
You weren't on the list.
You cancelled on the agency....
and said you won't go.
If it's not that you're going deep-sea fishing,
where were you planning to go?
I just wanted to stay alone for a while.
Stay alone? Where?
It doesn't matter. I was going to travel around.
Why did you tell us you'd go deep-sea fishing then?
I didn't want you to ask me where I'm going.
Then what about the medical check-up?
You didn't even have one, did you?
Why did you tell us you had one?
Dad.
Is it because you knew...
about your health condition?
Tae Soo.
Answer us.
Why did you lie to us?
Because I don't want to get treatment.
What do you mean?
Whatever the result is,
I won't get treatment.
Dad.
I don't care if it's stage 1, 2, or 3.
Then you knew about this?
Dad, what does that mean?
Why would you not get treatment?
Do you want to just die like this?
What's wrong with that?
- Dad. - Dad.
This was my first time.
This was my first time to get things my way.
For the past 63 years,
I've never lived as I pleased.
Not even for a single day.
So I'll die the way I want.
That's ridiculous.
How could you say such a thing?
What about us?
What should we do when you say that?
Don't you even care about us?
Yes, I won't care about you.
I'm glad I'm dying.
Why would I get treatment to barely stay alive?
I couldn't choose how to live my life,
but I'll choose how to die.
Were you going to die alone?
Is that why you were leaving alone like that?
I told you.
I'll live my own life from now on.
Dad, how could you say that?
Why would you only care about you?
He's right. Don't you even care about your children?
What's so wrong not to care about them?
Why can't I care only about me?
I've lived my entire life for my family.
Whether I was good or not, I lived for my family.
Now, I want to live...
my life...
the way I want to.
Why would you blame me for that?
Did I do you any harm?
Did I cause you any trouble?
Do you want us...
to just watch you...
die like that?
It will only break your children's hearts.
Dad, you're being too selfish.
I don't care.
Even if you regret it...
and become remorseful after I die,
I don't care about it. It's none of my business.
Tae Soo.
It's because I want to stop everything now.
I want to stop.
It's okay not to live...
if I have no reason to live.
It's not that I'm committing suicide.
They are just calling me from up above.
It's that simple to me.
I want to rest.
I want to rest now.
You guys...
will live your own life.
That's what children do.
Now, I want...
to quit everything.
Your dad...
knew about it.
He knew it.
What did the doctor say?
He has some symptoms,
and his family has...
a history of stomach cancer.
So there's a possibility of stomach cancer.
But we should wait for the biopsy results.
He wasn't like that before.
He only cared about his family.
But now, he wants to die alone?
Ji An.
Is that really...
what Dad meant?
Did he mean that he wants to die alone?
Dad knew, but he lied to all of us,
didn't he?
He even left a will to me the other day.
It was his will.
What should we do?
We've seen him so far.
He must've been in so much pain alone.
I didn't know he'd be like that.
Just because I know...
and understand you all...
doesn't mean I didn't feel miserable.
So I cowed around you.
I pretended not to care and smiled along, but...
now, I'm sick of tiptoeing around you all the time.
If he's that bad...
Grandma had a surgery in stage three, right?
Why would you all think he has stomach cancer?
We don't know yet.
For now, we should...
wait until the results are out tomorrow.
And we should persuade him to get treatment then.
Is he doing this because of money?
Because of the hospital bills?
Gosh, this is irritating.
No.
He can't die already.
I should get going.
Soo A doesn't know about this yet, right?
Does the training end this week?
Don't tell her before she comes back.
She'd only be depressed.
Well, what should we do with Ji Soo?
Don't tell her...
until the results are out.
You two are dating now?
Yes. Today is their first day.
Hyuk, what happened?
I knew Ji Soo liked him though.
I asked her out first.
What? I asked you out first.
You were going to do it,
but I stopped you.
That means I asked you out first.
Gosh, Hyuk.
You didn't know he'd be so romantic and tough, right?
I hope we will get along well.
I was going to say the same thing.
I've made sustained efforts...
to make them a couple. Yes.
I sent you two to Incheon together, right?
I even made him buy her lunch.
Most importantly,
I told her everything about women in his life.
My goodness. I'm sorry.
Hee, he's quite talkative.
He spreads groundless, speculative rumors.
Hey, that's not true.
He wouldn't say anything groundless.
That's my Nam Goo.
Gosh, that's my wife.
You're so good.
You should watch your mouth.
Hyuk wouldn't say anything...
that's not true.
She's right about that.
Gosh, that's my girlfriend.
- My goodness. - Gosh, look at them.
What?
I need something with a fast beat.
Is he very busy?
(0.1 million)
Hello?
Hey, Cinderella.
Come on out.
Right now?
Hey, are you at a club?
Hey, what are you doing?
Are you here to drink and not to work?
Hey!
Hi, Cinderella.
Why are you here?
He's crazy.
You called me.
Did I?
Cinderella has to go home...
at midnight.
I couldn't have called you.
How much did you drink? Are you okay?
Look at me.
Look. See?
No problem.
Hey, not here. Swallow it.
Let's go to the toilet, okay?
Hey.
Cinderella gave me a potion.
Stop talking nonsense, and drink it already.
You're a mess. I wanted to have fun.
Why are you spending money where you work?
Because the world is messed up.
Because I'm scared!
You startled me.
Did something happen to you?
To me?
All sorts of things happen to me every day.
What happened?
You listened to my problems.
I'll listen to yours too.
Talk to me.
Is it about the franchise?
Yes, the franchise.
I need to get that done soon.
I need to own a business...
and make a lot of money.
I'm going to make money now.
But what if my dad dies before that?
Is he sick?
Hey.
Just wait, and see.
I'll become very rich.
My parents won't ever worry about medical bills.
Just wait!
CEO Seo Ji Ho's coming!
Let's go.
Hey!
Show me the money, money. Money...
I wish I had lots of money
Money, money
Be quiet.
My gosh. Seriously.
This is really driving me insane.
People live in places like this too?
How fascinating.
Hey, you're not alone here!
My goodness. Oh, no.
Why is he so late?
Mr. Park, what happened?
My apologies. He had a lot of drinks.
Thank you, Mr. Park.
Wait.
Here.
Take this.
Take a shower.
I don't want to.
You can't do this around the hired help.
Hey, No Myung Hee.
Why did we get married?
Just take a shower.
Why did you marry me?
Did I get married to become a vice chairman?
That's not it.
I got married to become a chairman.
Didn't I?
But he's testing me for too long.
Chairman No Yang Ho.
Your father.
Choi Jae Sung.
He's tested me for years and years.
For all my life.
I'm sick of it.
Hyuk, I'll spend the night with my family today.
I'll tell you about my dad tomorrow.
Ji An's staying at home tonight.
I didn't ask.
Right.
You're pretty two-faced.
You and Ji An go into each other's rooms at night.
What do you mean?
You're feigning ignorance in front of a witness?
You can't do that here.
It's a yellow card. Once more and it's a red.
If you do it again, it'll be a red card.
You'll get out right away.
Who did what at night?
It wasn't a dream?
Did she nurse me all night?
Should family members...
always do everything together?
But you should at least give us a chance.
You should at least give us a chance.
I want to be alone without my family now.
Don't think about your family now.
Do whatever makes you happy.
Dad...
How can he say he wants to die...
so nonchalantly?
I'll deal with it.
I'm no longer a child.
Stop it.
You don't know why I'm like this.
It's not like your times.
I won't do...
anything I'll regret.
How could you do that?
Are you both crazy?
How could you...
How could you do something like that?
Did it never occur to you...
to ask why we did that and what we were thinking?
What's there to hear?
Can anything you say be enough of an excuse?
A baby's bracelet?
How did he know?
Soo A.
It bothered me that I didn't buy you...
any jewelry when you got married.
I'm sorry to give you this as I leave.
And there are times in life...
when you will fall.
The thing to stop you from falling completely...
can be your children.
If you are blessed with such a child,
give them this.
Dad...
Are you asleep?
Yes, I am.
We need to talk.
Just go to sleep.
How can I sleep?
Do you think I can?
I'm sorry.
I did everything wrong.
What did you do?
I cornered you and forced Ji An away.
I also got a restaurant in return.
And I didn't even know you were sick.
I'm sorry.
I know how you feel now,
so will you do me a favor?
What?
Don't be a burden to the kids.
Will you stop saying that? You're scaring me.
I can't live without you.
I can't live alone.
These days,
young people can barely...
raise kids without their parents' help.
You're perfectly capable of working,
so leeching off your kids...
is just wrong.
Honey.
Everyone...
dies at some point.
I'm sorry I didn't keep the promise that...
I'd take good care of you,
but a married couple thrives on trust.
It's not just about living together.
I've...
settled everything.
I'm ready to go.
I'm off to live alone.
You'll get a call in time.
Don't worry about me.
Ji An. Ji Tae.
What?
Your dad's gone.
He left.
When?
Didn't you notice him leaving?
I stayed up until very late and dozed off.
That's when he left.
Did he take all his things?
He took his guitar too.
What should we do now?
I should've slept by him.
I should've watched him.
The phone is turned off.
Please leave a message after the tone.
Seo Ji An.
Were you in my room two nights ago?
Did you nurse me?
I brought you some medicine...
since I thought you'd need them.
Did you just leave that?
You wiped me with a wet cloth.
You had a bad fever.
Why do you care? You shouldn't care...
if I have a fever or even die by that fever.
You shouldn't care.
I did it as a housemate.
If anyone else were to be sick like that,
I'd have done the same.
You forgot.
I hate it when others invade my personal space.
Why are you still here?
Are you asking...
why I haven't gone home yet?
Yes.
Who said I'll go home if I end it with you?
I told you.
My independence isn't just about you.
I won't go home until I can stand on my own.
Seo Ji An, it's not about you now.
Why is she a mess if she slept at home?
It looked like she cried.
Mom, did you find Dad yet?
Not yet.
It's like he vanished into thin air or underground.
Then meet me at the hospital first.
Well, how are the results?
Seo Tae Soo doesn't have stomach cancer.
It's not cancer?
No. The biopsy results were negative.
Then how do you explain the vomiting,
stomach aches, and blood?
Well, there's something...
we call hypochondriasis.
People who worry too much...
that they might have cancer...
sometimes show the exact same symptoms.
Hypochondriasis?
But in his case,
it's different.
It's an imaginary cancer.
Imaginary cancer?